Young man, our Liang family bought this land
Naturally, there is no reason to return it.
But I really don't want to be this villain today
Owe my family 2 million
No need to return it.
This check is like this cemetery, take the money
Otherwise we can't do it
It's okay if our dad is not in the ground
But our father has been buried
If you want to touch my cemetery today
You have to step over me
Young people, don't be shameless
Does Master Xie have to ask him to agree?
Is there no other way?
Dad, who made this kid so uninteresting?
Master Liang, you can rest assured to do it.
The rest.
Leave it to the old man to come out and someone will stab him out.
Don't move don't move
I tell you you have to die
You will give birth to gold
Damaged morality
You poke it out and dig it for me
Wow.
Don't tease me!
Hello grandpa
I have found the location of my benefactor
Don't worry.
I will definitely treat our benefactor well.
Are you sure he's right in front?
Yes, Miss.
The Yang family ancestral grave is just ahead
Have you checked what I asked you to check?
It has been checked
It was indeed Yang Ming who saved the old life that day
OK, let's go then.
Our official
The family will never treat anyone unfairly
Go with our people